# Group_20

## Members
| Name        | Github    | Email                       | Skype         |
| ----------- | --------- | --------------------------- | ------------- |
| Kevin Shearsmith  | sunworks-code | kwshearsmith@myseneca.ca | kevin.shearsmith |
| Tristan Taylor | TristanT-dev | ttaylor33@myseneca.ca  | erythroxlym


## Project Idea(s)

1. Website for game information. Create a website for a particular game that provides guides and information on the game.

    Potential Features:

    - user account creation
    - user created guides
    - comment section where users can post questions / comments
    - news section (game news, recent patches)
    - integrate with game API to pull game information (items, stats, character sheets)
    - search functionality (need database)
    - IPhone/Android App (offline version)

2. Website that is used for providing information on and tracking online scams.

    Potential Features:

    - users can create a scam report and post it to the site
    For Example:
        - either a phone number that is being used for scam calls
        - a website url
        - screenshots of phising emails
    - a page that displays trending or current scams that are being used
    - a search feature to look for keywords in phishing scams
    - users can upload audio calls of scams to database

3. Government website to gather anonymous tips for police. Website is used to display particular ongoing police investigations for which information from the public is needed.

    Potential features:

    - Information regarding case (missing person, theft, homicide) is presented to the public. These are generated by internal users (police officers, government workers, site administration)
    - Public can visit the site and browse / search ongoing investigations which are seeking tips / information
    - Public users can submit information / tip with regards to a particular case
    - Authorized users can login to the site and securely view tips / information that were submitted with regards to a case

4. Job posting aggregation site that is dedicated to helping College/University students find employment related to their field of study. (Only postings for Co-op, internships, minimal experience jobs will be allowed) For example, junior level or graduate software developer positions. No third party recruitment agencies. This site will focus on connecting industry partners seeking to hire students / graduates.

    Potential Features:

    - Two seperate login portals or account types (employers / students)
    - Employers can create job posting or link to their internal postings
        - Need a database to store employers accounts and their postings
    - Students can create an account and apply to postings
        - Need a database to store student accounts, their information, applications, resumes etc.
    - Potentially figure out if it is possible to aggregate other job postings from other sites that meet certain criteria (minimum experience, coop position, recent graduate) and display them on our site

5. Cloud-based schoolwork task monitor/activity tracker IOS/Android App, in order for students to keep on task of all assignments, quizzes, exams and other miscellaneous work. Will have API integration with BlackBoard for immediate user use and will remind users of upcoming tasks via notification.

    Potential Features:

    - File Sharing
    - Team Chat
    - Document managing(real-time editing)
    - Time tracking
    - Task planning
    - Discussion boards/forums for students to collaborate on
    - Calendar
    - Set goals

6. Application for police / national Intelligence sharing (Government use). This application will allow authorized government or police employees to access secure intelligence information such as suspect records, vehicle information, criminal records etc.

    Potential Features:

    - use cloud infrastructure (virtual machines) to host the databases that store the secure information
    - Before accessing the internal resources user have to connect to a remote access VPN
    - Once the user is authenticated they can use the application to pull data from the databases
    - Design a GUI to display various types of information. For example, a police officer searching up a license plate is presented with information on the vehicle.
    - Searching for a criminal record shows a picture of the individual with other stats and information.
    - Emphasis on exploring security features of software development and encryption / cryptography 

7. Website for student run landscaping company. Website will provide pages that describe services offered (mostly small landscaping jobs, grass cutting, planting, weeding etc.) Work is to be performed by students and homeowners will provide the necessary tools.

    Potential Features:

    - Websites will have pages to list the prices of various services for example, weeding, cutting , planting etc.
    - Customer must first create an account if they wish to request a service
    - A form will be filled out when a customer requests a service and this information will be processed into a job request.
    - Job requests can then be assigned to employees
    - Job requests can be canceled, or closed when completed
    - Invoices will be emailed to customer

8. Independent game review website with generated reviews and user comment / forum section.

    Potential Features:

    - Two types of accounts (editors / users), editors can create new reviews and edit any of their current reviews if they are the owner
    - Users can view the content of the website (reviews), post comments and participate in forum discussions
    - Feature which allows users to suggest games they would like to see reviewed. Editors can view this list and potentially decide to review one of the requested games.
    - Embedded youtube video showing gameplay of game being reviewed

9. Automated lesson / lab for UNIX operating system (similar to Les Czegel’s lessons BTO 120) We create a program / script that runs students through various UNIX operating system topics and then quizzes them on material.

    Potential Features:

    - Integration with Seneca Matrix network
    - Program is executed by student and displays menu of learning topics
    - Student can select a topic and then they are presented with information on the subject / various UNIX commands
    - Student is then presented with a quiz on each subject and must input the correct commands to progress
    - Hints are given if answer provided is incorrect multiple times
    - Completing a module successfully will send a message or email to the instructor so they can award the student a grade




